There was a time, when I wasn't afraid of falling. I would sit on ledges, hang off of railings. My friends would laugh - and I got in trouble with teachers concerned for my wellbeing. It was innocent - the risk was calculated. I trusted my body.

I don't know if I trust it anymore. 

...it's called "Basophobia" - which wikipedia says differs from "Acrophobia", which is just the fear of *heights* - the fear of falling is different. When you put it in two separate terms, it feels very different - of course the fear of the fall is different from the fear of actual elevation, but they stem from one another. It's cyclical. You fear heights because of the fall, you fear the fall because of the height.

I think about the heights sometimes. How comfortable I was with them. I think a lot about who I used to be, a kid that believed in heaven. 

It probably did hurt. Not the falling itself - I've heard that once you've hit freefall, terminal velocity, it feels like no gravity at all. It was probably some sort of peaceful - when the angels fell from heaven. Completely freed from all bounds, even the basic forces of the universe. Just you and the wind rushing past, the little blue speck below growing larger and larger. 

It was a short fall for me. No chance to experience the absence of gravity, just acceleration into a dull snap. I finally had let go of the ledge. Or the railing, rather. They said it was probably because of a stress fracture that had formed before that had gone ignored - most bones didn't break this cleanly. The term "a clean break" was always a bit funny to me - a bit of an oxymoron, especially for the human body, the destruction of it. 

They did surgery, of course. Bolts in the bone, Rods placed on the bolts, inserted into a frame. All under anesthesia - I don't remember a bit of it. The thing they don't tell you about anesthesia is you don't dream. The time just goes missing. It is distinctly different than sleep - there are some times when the sleep overtakes you so suddenly, and so deeply, that the dreams don't come, and morning is there when you open your eyes. Anesthesia is like that, only quicker, darker. They tell you to count backwards from 10, and you never make it to 1. You just wake up somewhere else. 
