You sigh, sitting back in your chair. Nothing comes to mind. You're in your room, the prime place to get distracted by literally everything you own - you don't expect anything that is in the kitchen or living room to go untouched, and thus becomes partially communal property. 

Still, you're surrounded by knick-knacks, not quite useless enough to call kitsch, but not NOT useless enough to actually aid you in your endeavors, or at least not really. Books that you bought or borrowed from the library sit around you, stacked in numerous piles around the desk, the floor, the plastic box stacks you call a "dresser." Pill bottles, some empty, some not (you forgot to fill your prescriptions again), litter the desk in various states of orientation. Your allergies aren't that bad today, but you're going outside later, so you think briefly about taking a little pill of loratadine. 

You do. 

It's a tiny, white, ovular tablet, and you swallow it whole with a bit of water. 

You replace the little pill bottle, rattling it a bit as you put it carefully back on top of a book you couldn't finish. A memoir that sat too close to home, and it made you cry too hard. Absently, you think you might get back to it some time soon. The thought leaves your head almost immediately, to be forgotten for another week, or maybe two or three. 

You get up from your chair and pick out a change of clothes for later in the day from the pile of unfolded, but clean laundry. Almost as suddenly, the task is abandoned, as you head to the restroom. 

As you sit back down, you look around again, and pick up a little stress-ball. It probably causes more stress than it takes away, simply by being a definite object of The Mess that is your living quarters. 

You replace it, back into its mess-spot, in the dustless round that it left behind on top of a little box. 

A different, similarly sized item catches your eye. A magic 8 ball - it was a gag gift at a white elephant some years ago, when you still used to go to those types of things. You hated the thing, but took it so someone else could get one of the nicer gifts. It wasn't worth it, but you couldn't bring yourself to throw it away. You brush off the dust from it as you pick it up. The liquid inside sloshes - not only was the thing a piece of junk, it didnt work because of the bubble inside of it, leaving it more empty than the other fortune-telling disasters it was manufactured alongside. 

You read one time that these things are rigged anyways - 10 answers were positive, but another 5 were non-commital, and the other 5 are negative. So you don't even have roughly equal odds of all 3 types of answer. 50/25/25. Someone probably *did* use this for fortune telling, and their customers got pissed or something, so they changed it. Probably. 

You shake it again, hearing the liquid and the little die inside slosh and clatter about. You set it back down, again inside the little circle without dust that it sat in previously. 

You never knew why you even bothered keeping it around. It wasn't useful to begin with, and it's beyond useless now.

With no inspiration to speak of, not even of the fortune telling kind, you decide to take a nap. 

As you lay, painfully awake for what feels like it must be an hour (you check your watch. It's been 10 minutes), you think about the magic 8 ball. It annoys you. The whole event surrounding it was frustrating for at least a couple reasons. And the 8 ball was the shit icing on the shit cake. 

You resolve to put it out of your mind. 

Sleep takes you eventually, and you dream. 

