An insect is considered one of the lowest life-forms that human beings can interact with on a day to day basis. We, in our infinite wisdom and hilarity, consider even *calling* someone an insect to be an insult, to show that they're not worthy of notice, of the space that they exist in. Someone to be crushed underneath our heel without a thought. You could argue that bacterium, in the state of modern day existence can in fact be interacted with - yet our vocabulary often eschews this in favor of insect, of speck, of the more specific "ant" even. 

It only makes sense then, that the beings without a concept of self, something so insignificant as to *be* crushed on a passing whim, would be the organisms that first reached something akin to enlightenment - and reach it with greater numbers than humans, who to this day have only had a single case of reaching Nirvana. 

Every insect, regardless of their nature, physiology, or psychology, encounters a world that is simply full of hardship, and cannot be reconciled with their small existence. Humans can experience scale, but when your existence is many degrees of order smaller, your world becomes that much larger - every drop of water is a lake, every fern a vast and imposing article of a landscape of a world that, in your infinitesimally smaller eyes, simply never ends.  

Who better to reach that pinnacle of existence, and to forsake it in the hopes that they can guide others on that path but the humble, strange, and lowly beetle. 

A beetle thinks to itself about the meals that it eats, and the ground upon which it walks - everything is ground if you are that small, as the orientation of the ground is simply strange and wild, as long as there is traction. "Verticality" and "Upside-down" mean nothing to this existence. Yet we follow our beetle along the earth, from its egg-based birth, to its larval stage, to its pupation, and to its eventual adulthood and at long last, quiet death. A little known fact is that all beetles, like all humans, have the capability to reach nirvana. Their path is straightforward, and full of thorns as is the path that all humans have - in fact one could even say that the beetles path to nirvana is simply more difficult - it must make time aside from survival to ponder upon the nature of suffering. On the other hand, pupation is often a ripe time for this - the self is quite literally broken down into a primordial soup in which DNA takes hold and reforms. One would think that these two conditions contradict themselves - if beetles are *given* time in which to think on the nature of a cruel and cyclical existence, then does it not make their path the easier of the two (if you were to compare a human to a beetle) in this regard?

Simply put, a beetle cannot reach nirvana before they reach their adulthood. A meager 0.003% of beetles who do reach nirvana , reach it within the first moments of adulthood, despite their allotted time in pupation. In addition to that, many beetles that *do* reach nirvana in that time frame often simply ascend - their newly constructed bodies simply do not have the wherewithal to consider the path that that Beetle 2236893290408910183749106594530176.66 has taken. We will touch on this very special beetle (though of course we cannot discuss *to* Beetle Two-aught-decillions, as they are colloquially referred as, how special they are, lest we disturb the careful balance it has acheived) in a future paragraph. Many beetles who *do* reach nirvana, often take the rest of their adult lives to reach it, and a great number of beetles simply do not reach nirvana, and are instead reincarnated as worms - whether by an untimely death bestowed upon them by the world, or because the necessary ratio of intro- to outro- spection is not acheived; this of course is dictated by the beetles state of living, and therefore non-specific, with no known equations that can suitably replicate the correct way to enlightenment. There is only a vague notion that this is one of the major requirements to escape the cycle of samsara, according to interviewed beetles who are approaching that escape. These beetles refuse to disclose their current location, as that knowledge could end with aforementioned untimely deaths, or knowledge of placement in the world that would knock said beetles out of their path to becoming enlightened beings. 

The beetle that we referred to, Beetle Two-aught-decillions, is one of the many beetles that exist, that have chosen to forsake Nirvana in order to show other beetles the path to nirvana - while this is undoubtedly a more common experience for beetles (the reaching of nirvana, that is) than for humans, it is still a strange and difficult path. As said before, beetles must reconcile with their survival, and then their state of living. Survival for a beetle is simply more fraught than survival for humans, a race that has thrived on the non-solitary nature of what we dub "civilization." Beetles live, for the most part, quite solitary existences. While often born in clutches of eggs, many beetles diverge immediately upon their exit from primordial goo, and due to their poor eyesight, believe themselves to be mostly alone. This is first challenged when leaving the food source in which the eggs are first deposited, and the overwhelming and familiar scent of their kin is wiped away, and thus they are faced with the fact that the essence of "being alone" is finally under way.

At this point, one might think it irresponsible to lump all "beetle" class insects as one - but we find that the beetles that are known at this time by human researchers, are all relatively indistinct, as far as Nirvana is concerned. 